CE: AWS OFI NCCL update (#414)
eth-cscs/cscs-docs: docs/software/container-engine/known-issue.md

Notice the section `[annotations]` disabling Slurm and CXI hooks.

## NCCL errors with a dynamically linked AWS OFI NCCL plugin: `libcudart.so could not be found`

> When using the `cuda-dl` variant of the [the AWS OFI NCCL hook][ref-ce-aws-ofi-hook] or `artifact` as [network stack source][ref-ce-netstack-source] (default in some vClusters), a dynamically linked AWS OFI NCCL plugin is mounted inside containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `cuda-dl` variant of the [AWS OFI NCCL hook][ref-ce-aws-ofi-hook] or `artifact` as [network stack source][ref-ce-netstack-source] (default in some vClusters), a dynamically linked AWS OFI NCCL plugin is mounted inside containers.
```

Dynamic linking makes the plugin interoperable across CUDA versions, but also reliant on a non-versioned symlink to the CUDA Runtime Library (e.g. `/usr/local/cuda/lib64/libcudart.so`).
Such a link might not exist in some old container images, causing an error message at NCCL startup which mentions that `libcudart.so` could not be found.

> In these cases, we suggest the following paths to work around or solve the issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In these cases, we suggest the following alternatives (pick one) to work around or solve the issue:
```
